[Stream] Tidying up Stream live video content (#5915)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/stream/stream-live/replay-recordings.md

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Replay recordings
weight: 4
---

> # Replay recordings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Record and replay live streams
```

> Live streams are automatically recorded by default. To get a list of recorded streams for a given input ID, make the same `GET` request as you would to get the live video and filter for videos where the state property is set to `ready`:

Reviewer 2: Maybe include a link out to api docs if there's a section for that?

Author: Done

> Live streams are automatically recorded by default. To get a list of recorded streams for a given input ID, make the same `GET` request as you would to get the live video and filter for videos where the state property is set to `ready`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Live streams are automatically recorded, and available instantly once a live stream ends. To get a list of recordings for a given input ID, make a `GET` request to `/live_inputs/<UID>/videos` and filter for videos where `state` is set to `ready`:
```
